// How do I interpret user needs and implement them into a program? How does creating “user stories” help with this?
User needs come from the customers themselves through engagement with the Product Owner. The Product Owner holds forums such as focus groups to get insight from users on what they would like to see in a program. These needs are condensed into user stories and prioritized using a Product Backlog. These user stories serve as requirements for a program. Well written user stories help support high quality development and helps the SDLC process move more smoothly 

// How do I approach developing programs? What agile processes do I hope to incorporate into my future development work?
I like taking an incremental approach to programming. This allows me to focus on the key elements of functionality and then adaptaing/expanding the program into a larger more detailed program. I would like to incorportate the estimation strategies such as affinity grouping or planning poker into my future development work when I work on an Agile team. I like writing reflective journals which help me to improve as a team member and as a developer. It is important to think about areas that went well and areas of improvement. This will help add to my depth of understanding of various processes I engage in as a future developer. 

// What does it mean to be a good team member in software development?
A good team member is a good communicator, good collaborator and a skilled developer. Communication is important to make sure that the team synergy is strong and that rapport is built with everyone that I work with. Collaboration is important because each team member is involved at every stage of the process. A good team member seeks to sharpen their development skills because the world of development is constantly evolving and it is important to keep up with the current trends. This is also useful to be able to pass on knowledge to other team members so that they can benefit as well. 
